README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> One paragraph statement about the project.

![screenshot](./app_screenshot.png)

Additional description about the project and its features.

## Built With

- Major languages
- Frameworks
- Technologies used

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)


## Getting Started

**This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.**
**Modify this file to match your project, remove sections that don't apply. For example: delete the testing section if the currect project doesn't require testing.**


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

### Setup

### Install

### Usage

### Run tests

### Deployment



## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Initialize build
Add Files:
-README.md: Update Readme to project specs
-.gitignore: Update with files to ignore
-index.js, index.css: connect script and stylesheet to markup
-Modules: add modules directory
-package.json

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# AWESOME BOOKS

> Awesome Books allows to add and delete book names to a local storage using javascript objects.

# Notable Features
> This project is refactored using ES6 and modules for easier long term maintenance.

Additional description about the project and its features.

# Screenshots
![DESKTOP VIEW](./images/awesome-books.png)
![MOBILE VIEW](./images/awesome-books-mobile.png)
![DROP DOWN MENU MOBILE VIEW](./images/awesome-books-drop-down.png)


## Built With

- HTML | CSS | JavaScript


## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://stevewdamesjr.github.io/awesome-books/)


## Getting Started


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
- Text Editor | Git and Github set up

### Setup
- Clone repository and open with text editor

### Usage
- View Portfolio 


## Author

👤 **STEVE W DAMES JR**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/steveWDamesJr)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Steve88312331)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/steve-w-dames-jr/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments
- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
